fix: ExpandList behaviour if source is empty (#171)
AdRoll/baker: CHANGELOG.md

- TimestampRange filter accepts 'now' as range [#106](https://github.com/AdRoll/baker/pull/106)
- Standardize the components' structs names [#105](https://github.com/AdRoll/baker/pull/105)
- **Breaking** Change func FieldName to FieldNames (slice) as it allows to know the number of defined fields [#110](https://github.com/AdRoll/baker/pull/110)

> - ExpandList filter just forwards if the input list is empty [#171](https://github.com/AdRoll/baker/pull/171)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- ExpandList filter just forwards if the source field is empty [#171](https://github.com/AdRoll/baker/pull/171)
```
